Min P sampler implementation [alternative to Top P/Top K] (#3841)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: examples/main/README.md

Example usage: `--top-p 0.95`

### Min P Sampling

> -   `--min-p N`: Sets a minimum base probability threshold for token selection (default: 0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `--min-p N`: Sets a minimum base probability threshold for token selection (default: 0.05).
```

Author: So you are approving of my decision to keeping this on by default? Or should it be standardized as off by default for now?

Reviewer 2: @cebtenzzre not sure we can just change the default like that + does adding it on by default with top-k and top-p still enabled?

Reviewer: > not sure we can just change the default like that

The default was already changed everywhere else, I'm just suggesting that we document it consistently. Unless we decide not to enable it by default - I don't have a strong opinion because I use other interfaces to llama.cpp when I am trying to achieve specific sampler settings.

Author: I see. I'd already noticed the inconsistency but was hesitant to push until I got the word on whether or not we want to pursue it being on by default

Reviewer 3: Let's keep it on by default and see what is the feedback when it gets merged

> Min-P sampling is a sampling method where the value represents the base required probability percentage. This value is scaled down based on the probability of the most likely token. For example, with a Min-P value set at 0.05 and the highest token probability being 90%, the percentage requirement threshold becomes 4.5%. This approach ensures a balance of quality and variety in the results, and was designed as an alternative to improve upon Top P. The default value is 0.05.

Reviewer 2: it's not actually "percentage" + I don't think the word "base" adds anything beside padding. (first sentence only, after that the word "percentage" refers to example values)

Author: Base was added to distingiush between the scaled probability vs the base value. But it might be implied well enough already

> Min-P sampling is a sampling method where the value represents the base required probability percentage. This value is scaled down based on the probability of the most likely token. For example, with a Min-P value set at 0.05 and the highest token probability being 90%, the percentage requirement threshold becomes 4.5%. This approach ensures a balance of quality and variety in the results, and was designed as an alternative to improve upon Top P. The default value is 0.05.

Reviewer: Here's how I would word it:
```suggestion
The Min-P sampling method was designed as an alternative to Top-P, and aims to ensure a balance of quality and variety. The parameter *p* represents the minimum probability for a token to be considered, relative to the probability of the most likely token. For example, with *p*=0.05 and the most likely token having a probability of 0.9, logits with a value less than 0.045 are filtered out.
```

Reviewer 2: I like this one way better. @kalomaze

Author: Well written, I'll go with this once I get word back on whether or not it should be on by default.

Reviewer 4: Yeah, I prefer the raw decimal values over percentages, since it maps onto how the values are used overall.
